Now making our first web page was a lot of fun.
However there are few nagging issues that I would like to fix.
And first of all those would be our workspace settings.
So I'm gonna head over again to the cog and then I click on the settings and now I'm going to open up
these settings when I'm not within the settings and window first of all I would like to change here
the font size.
So again if you'd like to search for it as you can see we have an option on the search bar.
And again if I'm gonna type something this is gonna bring me whatever setting I would like to change.
So I'm gonna say here that this the new font size should be something like 26.
So as you can see this is gonna be automatically say no next.
Again just to show you that we have other option where we have the Jason object then I'm just gonna
click it over here on the little icon and this is going to open up my Jason object.
Now on the right hand side these are gonna be my settings or our settings that we're gonna have.
And remember just by changing the zoom level notice the settings right away or here.
And again we didn't do this in a previous screen.
Remember we did it previously when we were zooming in and zooming out.
So for now your zoom level let's say is at 2.
Now if I'm gonna press it one more time.
Notice is gonna zoom in now my zoom level is gonna be a three.
Now within this screen the way we'll work again is gonna be the similar way because again we can look
for something.
Now what I'm looking for is the tab size.
I can just say tab size.
And this is gonna bring me to the editor and TAB size.
Now we're not going to be able to do any kind of work here because was gonna complain that this is going
to be read only.
So if I'm going to try to change this something here this is not gonna work.
However we're all going to have an option of editing.
So if I'm gonna click on this little pencil it says right away copy to the settings.
So the moment I'm gonna do that this is gonna copy into the settings where I can change that.
So in my case I would have them.
I would like to have them as one now again depending on how you like to work your zoom level is always
welcome change for me.
I'm gonna leave this for now at you and later on I'm gonna see how this is gonna work.
So what we can do right now is just close both settings and we are ready to go.